hello to everyone from valeria whoopi golberg
enters the cast of the reboot and of
ninja turtles tell you everything after the
video I need a lap dance at table 5
don't get too close to the stink type
Asparagus piss is a manager not
you are a neighbor you are a drug dealer or one
small lot of marijuana down in
Mexico
you bring it here for Sunday night and me
I will pay you $ 100,000 and out of the
my lap but I have no choice
bought an ogre I have a lot of money
It is easy for you to be searched on the border
you could disguise mib is in that of
batman or no drug brought here
save yourself from searching for it
you want to earn 10 traffic greenbacks
drug is not toxic of bitch it is
contrary me that across the border
alone I will pay a red one but the families
hi, he doesn't even look at it all
do in my wife i hired that
who lives in my building and maxi star
from the street that is neither your sister
I always wanted a sister and Chiusoli
I 'll say sunny we will have to look like one
typical perfect American family has
a beautiful family has thank you
much we are and miller treasure there
apologize but I have to collect one
small lot of grass
it would be a small game i uploaded
enough grass to spend bob marley
forever the colussi a verziano
you will see the campground with the fitz era
tonight when you get married by what
We are we will look for you also a little
of pepper
I've never touched another woman before
I have nothing against it
let's open the dances let's get inside
vote your family now it seems
interesting big black and or good and one
skateboarding or a certain scheme is true
but a big schoenborn and they don't have us
shot at him
kenny was bitten by a tarantula
nasty cow legal world oh god let me
see if he talks about it but that he was down i
we all have already seen that pants
as I put it, I don't see him a slut
whore is not so serious look at that
stuff
the look again I'm well heard is
well we robbed a trafficker
international
now I'll take the whole family out, but
we are not a real family of mine
wife is a fan artist ok shows
a little respect and your mother
I don't think you know how to think of
let's put some music in
nanny of macabre humanistic pieces well
the Oscar whoopi goldberg award yes
joins the cast of the last project
cinematographic produced by michael bay
the reboot of ninja turtles
the goldberg famous for sister act ghost
and star trek the next generation
he will play the chief bernadette thompson
of the beautiful megan fox that in
the project will be the reporter april o'neil
of channel 6
we will also find alan ritchson in the cast
raffaello peter prosek leonardo noel
fisher michelangelo and jeremy a word
he will play Donatello Danny Woodburn
instead he will interpret the master splinter
while william fichtner will shader the
main antagonist ninja turtles
will be in theaters on June 6th 2014
and for today it's all remember to
put a like on our page
facebook film is now the next